Location: Lethia System - Near the fringe jump point
Date: c+24.X.X

They were the pinnacle of House Arataka's shipcraft, built as twins in utmost secrecy. Within them, the Temporal Architects of House Tahl weaved the most intricate Kassadari circuit grid in recorded history. Their names were Izanami and Izanagi, their power was that to put time itself to a standstill and their fate was already sealed. 

In the dark year of the collapse, when doom befell the isolated Lethia system, the Houses tried to consolidate their forces to the best of their ability, but one of their prized possessions, the Izanami was lost in the chaos. No records of its fate would ever be found and it was presumed stolen by some of the Architects that went into exile for reasons as of yet unknown. Only Izanagi remained.

Two decades have passed since that fateful year and Lethia has fallen into a steady decline. Without support, the garden world Heridal and the mining world Atanor have collapsed and their former inhabitants have found refuge on Kassadar, which now teeters on the brink of collapse, barely capable of sustaining its population. While the Great Houses are attempting to stabilize the economy, a new threat has emerged from the outside. Pirates, now numerous within the chaos of the post-collapse years, have found their way to Lethia and attempted to raid Kassadar. In a decisive battle, the unified fleet of the Houses held strong against the horde, but a small pirate force survived and headed for the fringe jump point.

In an effort to prevent the remaining pirates from returning to wherever they hailed from and revealing the location of Lethia to others, the Izanagi and small force of fast ships chased down the fleeing pirates. They intercepted their targets just short of reaching the jump point and engaged. Still suffering from the stresses of the previous battle, time was running short for the delicate systems of the Izanagi and the Kassadari forces were outnumbered as most of their fleet had fallen behind, but the safety of Lethia demanded a victory, at any cost.